MIT License

Copyright (c) 2021 Singe Stheos

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify except under private conditions (see line 23), merge, 
publish, and/or distribute, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

AFTERWORD:
I want everyone to get the best things out of my software. Of the conditions 
of the MIT license, I have removed 2 (publish, sublicense) and altered 1 
(modification). These are to protect the sanity of my code and ensure that
scalping (the intentional resale of a product at a higher price to generate
revenue) and private modification does not happen. Other than the conditions
I have removed, you are free to do whatever you would like to this software
in an additive fashion. Destruction of our code wastes our effort, which we
have a limited supply of.

Concise version:
I dont want you to make a profit off of our software, nor should you make a 
demo of it for intention of profit. You should modify this software with 
intent to share the code with others, else you break this license.
